Meow... (Your style is as fresh as an old litter box... play some Turf War battles in the battle pot. Oh, and once you've leveled up a bit, don't furrrget to visit Ammo Knights in the square!)
Meow. (Make sure you visit Ammo Knights after you level up. They might have new stuff in stock. Leveling up earns you Sheldon Licenses, which will let you buy even MORE weapons!)
Meow? (Have you met Murch in the square yet? That guy is pawsitively obsessed with gear!)
Meow. (Keep an eye on the icons at the top of the screen to see which team is ahead. Be careful if your team's numbers are low, but be bold if your opponents are on the ropes!)
Meow? (Have you been to any of the shops yet? Some new gear could really help you out in battle! There are three kinds of gear—headgear, clothing, and shoes. Make sure to try out all three!)
Meow! (The Fresh Meter in the match menu measures your purrrformance! When you win, the meter goes up. But if you lose a Turf War battle, it drops.\nThe meter also changes the color of the flag by each weapon in the equip menu. Use the Fresh Meter to see your personal records for each weapon, then try to top them!)
Meow. (When you're not busy in a battle, press ⊖ to open up the main menu. There's an Options tab in there that'll let you adjust things to suit your style. For instance, if the camera moves too fast or ink colors are hard to tell apart, you can change it\nSpeaking of the camera, you can even have diffurrrent settings for TV and handheld modes!)
Meow... (Super Jumping is a REALLY useful way to get around, but it can also be a bit risky... That's because opponents can see where Super Jumps are gonna land! So don't furrrget to check the Turf Map for ambushes before you take off!)
Meow. (Each piece of gear has certain abilities that can help you in battle. Press ⊖ to open the main menu, and select Abilities within Status to check 'em all out!)
Meow! (Press ⊕ to open the Equip menu. The Equip menu lets you change weapons and gear as well as adjust your control settings. You'll be changing weapons and gear A LOT, so remember: purrress ⊕ for the Equip menu!)
Meow! (Use the same gear often enough, and it'll level up and gain cool secondary abilities! The effects aren't as strong as primary abilities, but more is always better, right? You won't know what kinds of abilities your gear will get until it levels up though...\nWhich just means leveling up diffurrrent gear will give diffurrrent abilities for every situation!)
Meow! (Do you have any ability chunks yet? When you scrub gear or reset abilities, the original abilities turn into ability chunks. Ability chunks don't do a lot on their own, but combining them lets you add an ability to gear!\nHave you talked to Murch? He knows all about ability chunks. He's over in the square.)
Meow. (Equipping several of the same type of ability will cause each of that ability to get less effective. If you really want to get to see what you're capable of, you'll need to balance out your abilities.)
Meow. (Kid form makes you an easy target, so try to stay hidden in your ink when you're not attacking. Not only will it be harder for opponents to spot you, but you'll also refill your ink tank faster!)
Meow! (You know you can't swim, right? And that your ink dissolves in water?! Kinda strange, huh? Just be careful, and watch your step around water, ya hear!)
Meow? (You ARE remembering to check the Turf Map with Ⓧ, right? Don't just stand there after you get splatted. Use the Turf Map to plan your next move.\nTry to find an area with fewer bad guys, or Super Jump to a teammate and help 'em out!)
Meow. (When you get splatted, you lose some of your special gauge. And the more special gauge you have, the more you'll lose! That means you should always be using your specials, but you still gotta be smart about it...\nTake a sec and get to know each special and a strategy for when to use 'em. Then USE 'em!)
Meow! (Press ZL to transform and swim up inked walls. Then press Ⓑ to climb even faster!)
Mew! (In Splat Zones, the team that keeps control of the Splat Zones in the stage wins! You'll need to plan out the best way to keep the Splat Zones free of enemy ink. Don't try to be a hero. Coordinate to attack together as a four-purrrson team!)
Meow. (In Tower Control, the team that rides the tower into the opponent's goal wins. You can make the tower's path safer by splatting any oppawnents in its way!)
Meow! (In Rainmaker, the team that carries the Rainmaker to the other team's goal wins. Bring the Rainmaker to the checkpoint. Then break the checkpoint, and the next stop is the goal. The Rainmaker is strong, but not at close range. You'll need teamwork to clear the way!)
Meow. (Your rank is an expression of the skill you show in Anarchy Battles. To raise your rank, just play some Anarchy Battles and earn some Rank Points. Anarchy Battles come in lots of flavors, like Splat Zones, Tower Control, and Rainmaker...\nAnd if you press ⊖ in the battle pot menu, you can find an explanation for each one!)
Meow! (Did you know that gear comes in lots of diffurrrent brands? Each brand has its own style and unique design for the fashionable to pay attention to. Certain brands gain purrrticular abilities more easily than other brands too.\nCrab-N-Go also has drinks that make it easier to get an ability, no matter the brand!)
Meow. (Shooters, such as the Splattershot, are your basic aim-and-fire main weapons. Mastering these means learning to target opponents and knowing when you've hit them. When you have the enemy in your sights, the targeting reticle will change to a symbol.\nOnce you see that symbol, pull the trigger with ZR. If your attack hit your opponent, you should feel a sharp reaction.\nBut you're not done yet! You may need to adjust your aim and shoot some more!)
Meow? (You been to the shop in the lobby yet? The food and drinks sold there can boost the expurrrience and cash you earn from battle. Although, you'll need tickets to buy the goods, so round some up before stopping by!)
Meow. (If you want to look at how you're doing, go to the lobby terminal and hit View Replays. There you can watch replays of many of the battles you've been in. You can also watch other people's replays by entering a Replay Code\nWatching yourself play, or seeing how others play, can be a great way to impurrrove!)
Meow? (Everrr gotten lost during a battle? If you have, maybe you should visit the stages on your own and do some recon. To set up a trip and get to know a stage, just talk to the Recon Guide in the square!)
Meow. (Wondering what the ★ on gear means? That's how much star power each item has. Gear with three ★ can have 3 secondary abilities. That's good! Check out the shops for items that come with lots of star power by default.\nYou can also rebuy an item you already own to raise its star power! Murch knows more. He's in the square. Go make your gear be all it can be!)
Meow. (Each weapon has a Freshness rating, which grows as you use it. You'll get bonuses for boosting a weapon's rating, like Sheldon Licenses, stickers, and badges! Stickers and badges are great for showing everyone which weapons you like to use.)
Meow? (Did you know you can make changes to your Splashtag at the lobby terminal? Setting up your own banner, badges, and title is a great way to show off your personal style. You get badges by doing special tasks, while tags and titles come from the catalog or Shell-Out Machine.)
Meow! (Don't forget to put your stickers and decorations up in your locker! The locker room is in the lobby. Get yours decked out so you can show off your style. You can look at everyone else's lockers too. If you spot one you like, tell the owner it's Fresh!)
Meow. (You start every battle on a spawner, then fly into the stage by doing a Squid Spawn. On the spawner, tilt the controller to pick a spot to land, then steer in the air with Left Stick .Get splatted, and you'll return to the spawner. Pick your spot, and hit ZR to make a comeback!\nYou can also open the Turf Map after you get splatted if you'd rather return using a Super Jump!)
Meow! (You've been leveling up! Time to put your skills to the test in some Anarchy Battles! Anarchy Battles are where all the serious players go for their serious splatting. Want in? Go to the battle pot, and hit ⊖ to read up on how Anarchy Battles work. Good luck!)
Meow! (Pro tip: try doing recon for Anarchy Battles. Just tell the Recon Guide what mode to use. Stages can change based on what mode you're in. Do some recon, and don't get caught off guard!)
Meow? (Have you picked up a catalog yet? You can get one over at Hotlantis. Once you have a catalog, you can raise your catalog level. Do that, and you'll get rewards! You earn catalog levels with Catalog Points, which you get from battles and Salmon Run Shifts.\nAnd each day, the first battle you win or shift you complete will earn you lots of bonus points! Catalogs are limited-time, though, so if you like what you see in one, don't wait!)
Meow? (You know what the copy machine is, right? It's the robot set up by the wall in the lobby. It can be activated by going up to it and pressing Ⓐ. Press Ⓐ again to deactivate it. The copy machine copies what you do. Attack with ZR or use a sub with R, and it'll do it too.\nIt's great furrr testing the Splash Wall or Big Bubbler, or when trying gear abilities!)
Meow! (In Clam Blitz, the team that throws the most clams into their opponents' basket wins! First, combine clams into a power clam, then use that to break the barrier around the basket. Once the barrier's gone, throw as many clams as you can into your opponents' basket to win!)
Meow! (Star power maxes at five ★, but even at three ★, it'll earn you gear experience faster! You'll need cash to get gear to three ★, but then the experience boost lasts furrrever. More star power means you'll get ability chunks faster too, so boost your star power!)
Meow? (Have you tried the Shell-Out Machine in the lobby? It has some purrretty good prizes! Of course, it costs cash to play, but once a day you can get a discount! I've heard you can win a sparkling capsule there! Wish I had that kind of luck...)
Meow? (Been to Hotlantis yet? They sell all kinds of things for decorating your locker. Their stock changes every day though. If you see something you like, you'd better snap it up!\nPro tip: use ZL to get a better look at a decoration so you know if it'll fit your locker's style!)